Hello and welcome to the final part of this whole implementation.
Congratulations for already reaching that far.
And now we're about to tackle the last remaining steps which are about implementing the testing that
is the simulation over one year of our AAA regulating the temperature of the.
And we're going to compute the whole energy spent that is accumulated energy spent by the AI and compare
it of course with the energy that would have been spent by this alternative system.
And that of course on the same simulation.
So that's all this is about.
We already have the training done which means we already have our weight in model at age 5.
So this was populated at the very end.
This is just the bike.
You can remove it.
We actually don't need it for what we're going to do meaning just running this simulation.
So I'm deleting it.
And here we go.
Now we're ready to implement that simulation.
All right so we're going to do this the most efficient way of course.
And this will consist of taking everything from the training and just adapting because you're going
to see that it's going to be almost the same.
So I'm going to take everything from here to the bottom.
And in the testing file I'm going to replace that.
And now let's see what we have to change or remove.
All right.
And let's start with the first section in the libraries and the other python files.
So first of all what we can already notice is that we will need the brain and we will need the dequeue
an object.
Because this was only used for the training.
Now you're going to say by the way how come do we not need the brain if we're going to use our brain
that was just trained previously.
Well that's because we're going to use the load method by the pre-build model class of Cara's which
will very simply load this model that H5 which contains all the weight of our pre-trained neural network
and therefore we don't need that brain Vihear so we can just remove it and then for TQM that's obvious
it's clearly only for the training.
So we don't need this as well.
And now however we will import something new which is exactly what I've just told you about which is
that load model method from cares and therefore from Paris and more specifically from the models by
Kerith.
Well I'm going to import that load model function.
All right perfect.
We have a warning because we haven't used it yet but no worries we're about to.
And then regarding the environment of course we have to import that because we will of course run our
simulation inside the environment.
And of course the same one as the one that was used for the training.
Meaning with that optimal range of temperature that initial month that initial number of users in that
initial rate of data.
So that means that for example this line of code we won't have to change anything.
All right perfect.
Now let's move onto the next section.
Sending the seeds for reproducibility purposes.
So we're going to keep that.
And again that's only if you want to get the same results as mine.
You know the ones that will get at the very end of this condition when we execute the simulation.
So I suggest that you keep the same.
And of course if you want to play with some other seeds I'm sure you will get good results as well.
All right.
Now moving on to the next section here we have some things to change.
So let's have a look at them one by one to make sure we don't forget anything.
All right so that Epsilon parameter remember what it was used for.
It was used for exploration purposes.
Remember 30 percent of the time we did some exploration during the training and therefore that's only
related to the training.
We don't need to do any exploration during simulation and therefore we don't need that.
OK.
Now then the number of actions of course we need it because we're going to play with the same number
of possible actions.
So let's keep that direction boundary of course we'll need it.
Because remember this was used to compute directly in one formula the energy spent and of course since
we're going to compute again the energy spent by the AI during our simulation.
Well we will need to keep that direction boundary parameter then number of books.
Well this one is obvious.
Of course the number of epochs is only for the training.
So let's get rid of this then max memory again very obvious these belong to the DGU and implementation.
So that's only related to training as well.
Let's get rid of this then the batch size.
Good question.
Do we have to keep that batch size parameter.
Are we going to have to use some batches during the simulation.
Well absolutely not.
Remember the purpose of our batches.
You know our previous batches of inputs and target was only to do mini batch lernen you know when we
they do weights to reduce the loss.
Well we performed many batch gradient descent which is a combination of stochastic grillin descent and
batch gradient descent and therefore that's again only for the training and we get rid of this.
And then finally the temperature step.
So again this is another element that allows us to compute the energy spent by the AI in one single
formula and since at each time step of the simulation we will have to compute again the energy spent
by the AI.
Well we'll need that temperature step.
All right so perfect for that section setting the parameters.
Now moving on to the next one.
So that's where we build the environment by simply creating an object of the environment class.
And as I've just told you we're going to run of course the simulation on the same environment that was
used for the training and therefore we keep the same range of optimal temperature and same initial number
of users an initial rate of data transmission.
So nothing to change here now.
Interesting.
The next good section is about building the brain by simply creating an object of the brain.
Well you know already the answer that of course we have to get rid of this because that's where we create
the brain object itself.
That is the neural network of our AI.
But as I've told you at the beginning of this tutorial this time we're not going to create a brain because
we already have a pre-trained brain and therefore we don't have to create a new brain.
We can just load the pre-trained brain.
And so I'm going to change the name of that code section and well let's just call it Lowton pre trained
brain.
Right.
Our pre-trained brain that was trained before and in size.
Now what are we going to do.
How are we going to load that brain that we've just trained in the previous tutorial.
Well first we're going to have to introduce a new Voivode which we can call either you know brain or
even moral because what we're going to lose actually is not all that H5 so let's call this variable
model and load the weight of our brain.
We're going to use of course what we imported here the load model function from the Cara's models and
I'm going to base that here and it's going to take as inputs.
Of course all the weight saved into this fout model that H5.
And so in this Lomo function we need inputs in double quote model that H5 perfect.
All right so that will lower our brain resemble.
Once again thanks to Karris.
All right.
Perfect So we've made some good progression but we're not there yet.
Let's move on to the next section which is about building the Dejuan moral of the declaring class.
This one is of use.
We have to remove it.
This is only for the training.
Here we go.
And finally choosing the mode.
This one is obvious as well.
This time we're not going to have to train mode but the inference mode and therefore as we explained
in the environment we have to set it to false right.
Training equals false meaning that we are in inference mode.
All right.
And then let's do the last final thing in this tutorial before we move on to that you know big loop
iterating on all the time steps in one full year money on all the minutes in one full year.
And so here is how I'm going to call that code section let's say running one year simulation and we
can add an inference note.
Great.
Perfect.
So now basically what we only have to do is make that big for loop so we can you know started from scratch
because we are going to re-implemented from scratch and it will be easier for us this way because Anyway
there is a lot to remove here in the training.
So let's just start from scratch again.
However I'm just going to remove everything up to here because indeed indeed we will print all the final
results with these same prints and we'll keep the same variable names.
So I'm just going to remember this and then I'm going to put all these prints just below in a new code
section which of course won't be to any for loop because they're simply going to be the very final results
you know the total energy spent at the end of the full year both by the AI and that alternative cooling
system and then of course this we can remove it.
That was just to save them all after the training.
All right so basically we're ready to make that final implementation where we run this whole 1 year
simulation in inference mode and you'll see that it's going to be pretty easy thanks to what we've done
before you know we were kind of vaccinated with all this if you understood this you will have absolutely
no problem to understand the implementation of the simulation.
So let's do this in a next toil.
And until then enjoy AI.